Let's continue working on our poster.
Quest handler for the edit formed by adding in some validators some appropriate middleware wears and
all that kind of good stuff.
Then sign up here.
We're going to add in a couple of more middle wears after require off.
I'm gonna first begin by giving myself just a little bit of space to work with.
Then after require off we're gonna first indicate that we might be receiving a image upload so I'll
do upload that single and we're going to watch for a file uploaded under the image property.
Remember back over here inside of our template we've got that input with the Name property of image
because we gave that input a name of image.
That is why we are putting in image right there.
So that string is going to be whatever the name property is of the file type input and after that we
can add in some different validators.
This is finally a time where we're going to be able to use or reuse some different validator so we've
already put together.
So in this case we're going to use the same validators we have up here on NEW.
So we're going to require a title and require a price.
If you don't recall what those different validators do you can always open up the validators file and
take a look at the definition of both them going to do require title and require price then we'll also
reference that middleware that we put together to handle ears automatically and attempt to re render
our template.
If anything went wrong with the required title and require price so we will once again do handle errors.
And I remember when we call that middleware you have to provide a reference to the actual template that
we want to show again so we'll do products at it.
Template
okay.
Now there is going to be a very small issue with products.
Edit template right here because remember right now whenever we make use of the handle is middleware
all we really take at present is that is object and pass it through.
But now in order to show our template correctly we also have to have a reference to the products that
we're trying to eventually show.
Remember the edit template.
Here it is right here.
It expects to receive the product it wants to take some properties out there and use it inside of our
template but our middleware that we currently have when we tried to run that template function like
I said unfortunately it does not actually make use or pass through the product or any other data besides
the Aras object.
So right now this code of handle with products that it template is not going to work as expected.
If we end up having a validation error that's something we just need to be aware of and we're going
to have to possibly fix it at some point in time okay.
So having said that we now have all of our different Middleware is wired up correctly here.
It's now inside my function.
Let's add in a little bit of code to take whatever changes were passed to us.
So like the updated titled price and possibly image as well we're going to apply all those different
updates into our products repo for the particular product.
I first want to give you a quick reminder of how we update a product in general so inside of our repositories
directory I'll find the repository file because remember products is really just extending repository.
So right now in order to figure out what our products repo does we really look at repository J.S. then
inside of here we've got that update function.
The first argument to it is going to be the idea the record we want to update and then the second argument
is going to be an object that has all the updated attributes that we care about.
So back over here we're going to say we're gonna take all of our rect body object.
So remember that's gonna contain the updated title in the updated price and we're going to check to
see if there was a file included as well.
So here's what we're going to do I'm gonna write out const changes is going to be rect body.
The only reason I'm doing this is to just say hey this represents the different changes or the updates
we're getting from our form.
Well then check to see if an image was included inside the request.
So did we get receive an image if we received an image that means that we need to apply that update
to this changes object.
Otherwise if there was no image that was uploaded we're gonna say okay whatever gets the user didn't
want update the image or anything like that.
We'll say if rect file if a file was provided in this request then change dot image.
So this will be the new image that we want to set inside of our repository will be wrecked on file dot
buffer to string a sixty four.
So we spoke about this statement right here a pretty good amount back when we discussed creating a product
number right there so wrecked out file is the file that was uploaded buffer is the kind of like an array
with all the raw data.
So we're gonna take all the data inside there and encoded as a base 64 string so then after that we
can attempt to apply this update to our products repository.
So we'll do in a wait products repo we will call update.
The first argument is going to be the idea of the record that we want to update.
So we'll do a wreck dot prams dot I.D. number.
That is where we get our ideas from out of the user El and the second argument is going to be an object
with all the changes we want to apply.
Will be changes one thing to keep in mind here is that our update function is one of the few repository
functions that might throw in air.
So if we could take a look at repository J.S. again if we attempt to update a record and we are not
able to find a record of that I.D. we end up throwing the error message you see right there.
So we need to make sure that we handle that in some fashion.
So right now I'm just going to wrap the weight statement in a try catch
and if something goes wrong with that update I'm just going to assume 100 percent that is because we
probably were not able to find the appropriate item.
So I will return with a red dot sent could not find item so we will eventually come back and kind of
improve this error handling because ideally this error should be shown in our form as opposed to just
sending back a plain text string of could not find item or we're just going to leave this as is for
now okay.
So then assuming that everything goes well for that update statement will then redirect the user
redirect back to admin slash products and that should be at okay.
So I think we're ready for a quick test here.
Now remember that if we enter in a form or some update that is not valid we're probably gonna see a
crash once again because our middleware of handle errors is not correctly trying to call the template
function with the product or whatever else we care about.
So that's just something to be aware of.
All right.
So let's go back over I'm going to go back to my product's listing page I'll attempt to edit this first
record right here.
And I'm going to put in about a new product and I'll give it a price of ninety nine.
Then I'll submit it.
And there we go.
So I've got the title and the price on there as well.
At this point we could definitely also test out the image upload.
But on the flip side we don't actually have the ability to see any images just yet.
So I'm not gonna worry about testing out the image upload until we actually have some location inside
of our app where the images get displayed at that point.
Well then come back and make sure that we can actually edit them successfully.
All right.
Well overall I'd say that our edit functionality is looking pretty good with the one exception as we
just discussed.
If I try to put in some invalid title right here like let's say a title that has no characters inside
of it.
Yeah.
We end up getting an error and this air is because once again our middleware handle errors is not passing
through the product we care about.
So we need to once again figure that out.
Let's do that in just a moment.